Add ES6 Module support (#385)
broccolijs/broccoli: README.md

The following `Brocfile.js` exports the `app/` subdirectory as `appkit/`:

```js
// Brocfile.js
import funnel from 'broccoli-funnel';

export default () => funnel('app', {
  destDir: 'appkit'
 })
}
```

> Broccoli support ESM modules via [esm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/esm). You can also use regular CommonJS `require`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Broccoli supports ES modules via [esm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/esm). You can also use regular CommonJS `require`
```

By way of example, let's assume we have a graph of Broccoli nodes constructed via a combination of `Funnel` and `MergeTrees`:

```js
// non Brocfile.js, regular commonjs
const funnel = require('broccoli-funnel');
const merge = require('broccoli-merge');

const html = funnel(appRoot, {
  files: ['index.html'],
  annotation: 'Index file'
})

> const js = funnel(appRoot, {

Reviewer: These changes (away from `new Foo`) seem unrelated to ESM, lets do them in a different PR.

Author: sure thing
